OCP 4.14 RN's: add HCP support for P/Z (#68637)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

==== Creating ARM NodePool objects on AWS hosted clusters (Technology Preview)
In this release, you can schedule application workloads on 64-bit ARM and AMD64 from the same hosted control plane. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.9/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#hosted-cluster-arm-node-pools[Creating ARM NodePool objects on AWS hosted clusters].

[id="ocp-4-14-hcp-ibm-z"]
==== Hosted control planes on {ibm-z-title} (Technology Preview)
In this release, hosted control planes is available as a Technology Preview feature on {ibm-z-title}. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.9/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#configuring-hosting-service-cluster-ibmz[Configuring the hosting cluster on 64-bit x84 bare metal for IBM Z compute nodes (Technology Preview)].

> [id="ocp-4-14-hcp-ibm-power"]

Reviewer: @alishaIBM @SNiemann15 The content in lines 1297 - 1299 is currently under review in PR #68676. You can remove those lines from this PR. Thank you!

Author: @lahinson okay, I have updated the PR. cc: @SNiemann15

Reviewer: Thank you, @alishaIBM!

|Technology Preview
|General Availability

> |Hosted control planes for {product-title} on ARM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Hosted control planes for an ARM64 {product-title} cluster on AWS
```

Author: Thank you @lahinson 
I have updated the PR as per above. Thanks.
